welcome to the Red Bull king of the rock
2013 the question is who has the heart
as a soul the power the flare to be
number one a lot of guys going to step
up remember there's only one guy with a
rock that's a Red Bull king of the rock
who wants to play 101
back
father to the bow tie pick me back
16 players going all out for that top
spot this guys only win a trip to San
Francisco Alcatraz they want to play
against the best in the world well time
to go check it out Peter Piper picked a
few probability perpetuate the proper
training shocking possibility they
incorporated and conveniently they
practically we woulda qualifying back
and said with this new focus on should
be done on the bottom esc english
wheeler fever for shipping the answer to
developing interest and body because see
a medium speedy return come and separate
is falling over his wire as Mars
and part was your browser speed of the
idea of people telling me
the location the duties of like that
cause it even hanging again eternity
seananners when people some of them in
our short of the many give them to this
is ck finish pedantic
piggy bank
Oh
Melissa learn i will return the king
incised again finale I'll be not baffled
beside in each talk it's a forested
sceptre x rays from the tactic
understand up again I've Hamilton coffee
shown this is some seek to focus on
gallaugher captain EO which may seem
damaged villa oh this is one
electrolysis driving straight arrested
one been packing after work
you